Add max secret length (#234)
cashubtc/nuts: 00.md

}
```

> `amount` is the amount of the `Proof`, `secret` is the secret message and is a utf-8 encoded string that **MUST NOT** exceed 512 characters (the use of a 64 character hex string generated from 32 random bytes is recommended to prevent fingerprinting), `C` is the unblinded signature on `secret` (hex string), `id` is the [keyset id][02] of the mint public keys that signed the token (hex string).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`amount` is the amount of the `Proof`, `secret` is the secret message and **MUST** be a random 64-character hex string generated from 32 bytes of random data, `C` is the unblinded signature on `secret` (hex string), `id` is the [keyset id][02] of the mint public keys that signed the token (hex string).
```

> ## 0.2 - Protocol

Reviewer 2: This is a good idea although `data` is not variable length. Maybe a hard-cap on the number of pubkeys over `refund` and `pubkeys` would do.

> ## 0.2 - Protocol

Reviewer 3: Correct, `data` isn't variable, but is a public key field for P2PK. I mentioned it just because it is a locking PK field.. eg an n-of-3 multisig would include `data` key plus 2 keys in `pubkeys`. 

But essentially, for NUT-11, a limit on total keys over `refund` and `pubkeys` is where I'd prefer to go.
